After finishing her meal, Shion washed the dishes on the first floor of the tower.
The water this time of year was freezing, and the skin on Shion's hands was cracked in several places.
If she took the dishes to the kitchen, I'm sure someone else would wash them.
But Shion couldn't bring herself to leave it to others.
Because she was nothing more than a dependent.
She was only allowed to live here out of pity.
She climbed the stairs and went back to her room.
She applied cream to her hands and sat down on the bed.
「Haa……」
The atmosphere in the manor was stifling.
She knew the reason why.
The fact that her sister, Ai, had been murdered.
Shion had no idea what was actually happening.
$ Ai had always been very kind to Shion.
She had loved Shion.
She had wrapped Shion, who was forced to live alone in the tower, in her kind, warm hands.
「Ai-oneesama……」
Unknowingly, Shion's hand reached down toward her crotch.
「Nnh……」
Touching her private parts over her underwear, she let out a small voice.
「Mmm…… ha…… ah……」
She moved her fingertips slowly, as if kneading.
「Mnn…… nnh, ha…… ah……」
She was remembering the times Ai had played with her.
「Haa…… ah, Oneesama……」
Ai had loved Shion so much.
「Nnh…… Ai-oneesama……」
Why did she have to die?
「Haa…… ah, nnh……」
She rubbed the area around her clitoris with the pad of her finger.
「Nnh…… ngh, haa……」
A bit of love juice had begun to seep out from her vaginal opening.
「Mmm…… nnh, ha…… ah……」
When was it that she first learned of masturbation?
Imprisoned in this black tower since she was a child, Shion had eventually learned this solitary game.
In a room where no visitors ever came, she simply toyed with her own genitals.
She had learned from books that it was a shameful thing. That's why she could never tell anyone.
Even so, she couldn't give up the pleasure once she had learned it.
「Ha, ah…… nnh, mmm……」
Even though no one would hear her if she let her voice out, Shion kept her mouth shut to suppress the sound.
「Mnn…… ah, ha…… kuh…… mnh……」
Just toying with herself over her underwear wasn't enough anymore.
「Mnn…… ahh……」
She slipped her fingers inside her underwear.
Her fingers were easily swallowed into the moisture-filled honey pot.
「Nnh…… ah, ha, haah……」
She let out a long breath.
Every time she moved her fingers, a squelching, lewd sound echoed.
「Mnh…… ah, ha…… haa, anh……」
While tracing the folds of her vaginal opening with her fingers, she teased her clitoris with her thumb.
「Haa…… ah, mnn…… ha, ah……」
She brought her free hand to her own breast.
「Nnh…… ha, kuh…… mnh……」
She slowly kneaded and squeezed it over her clothes.
「Ha, ah…… mnn…… ngh, kuh…… mnh……」
It became too much of a bother to even keep her body upright, and Shion collapsed onto the futon.
「Ha, ah, haah…… nnh, ngh……」
When she pulled down her underwear, her juices were forming long threads.
「Haah, ah, ngh…… ngh, hyan……」
Exposing her crotch to the air, she continued her self-pleasuring.
「Ngh…… ha, ah…… haa…… anh……」
She traced the inside of her labia with her fingers.
「Haa…… ah, aahh…… Oneesama……」
That was the place Ai used to lick so often.
「Nnh…… haa, ah, aahh……!」
She moved her fingers while remembering the things Ai had done to her.
「Ah, ha, nnh, Oneesama……」
Her hips began to bounce and twitch.
「Haa, ah, aahh……!」
She squeezed her thighs tightly.
「Ah, haa, ah…… ngh……」
While her hips continued to writhe and squirm, Shion basked in the afterglow of a light climax.
「Ha, ah…… nnh……」
Even so, Shion continued to toy with her wet, secret lips.
She couldn't get the fever in her body to subside.
「Nnh…… ha, ngh…… nnh……」
She shouldn't be such a lewd woman.
「Haa…… ah, ahh, ngh……」
She couldn't stop her fingers.
「Ah, ha, nnh, ngh…… mnn, kuh…… mnh……」
She stirred up the inside of her honey-filled vagina.
「Haa, ah, aahh…… nnh, ngh, kuh…… mnh!」
It was as if her vaginal opening had become a separate living creature, tightening around Shion's fingers.
「Ha, ah, nnh, ngh…… mnh……」
Her love juices foamed white, making a bubbling sound.
「Ah, nnh, ha, kuh…… mnn!」
She scratched her clitoris with the tip of her fingernail.
「Haa…… aahh! Ha, nnh, ngh……!」
The sensation below her waist began to vanish as if it were going numb.
「Mnh, ngh…… m-more, ah, aahh……!」
Even though her heart wanted to stop, her body craved the pleasure.
「Mnh, ngh, ha, ah! Nnh! Kuh…… haa, ah!」
A massive wave was crashing over her.
「Haa, ah! Nnh! Hiee…… I-I'm going…… mnh, ah, aaaahhh!」
「Aaaahhh! Ha…… ah, nnaahhh…… kuuh, ngh……」
Her entire body trembled more violently than ever before.
「Haa, ah…… aahh……」
An intense feeling of lethargy washed over her.
「Haa…… ah, aahh……」
Coming back to her senses, she was struck by a wave of intense regret.
「Aahh…… I-I am…… such a……」
I'm not such a lewd woman.
I'm not some slut who drowns in pleasure.
「U…… uugh…… sob……」
Shion covered her face with both hands and sobbed for a long while.
