I began my move after everyone else had fallen asleep.
I slipped into the clinic and tampered with the medicine.
Since the aconite used in herbal medicine has been detoxified, it doesn't have the same toxicity as the original monkshood.
Still?no, that's precisely why it was perfect for making it look like her own staged attempt.
A short while after I returned to my room, there was a light knock on the door.
「It's me. You're awake, aren't you? Open up.」
When I heard that voice, I understood everything.
From the corridor where her room was, the clinic door was visible. She must have hidden herself and watched what I was doing.
I opened the door.
「...You're being surprisingly compliant.」
She entered the room, warily scouting the interior.
「It's the middle of the night. Making a scene would be a nuisance to those sleeping, wouldn't it?」
I answered while holding a half-finished bottle of cola in my hand.
「Hmph...」
She snorted and crossed her arms.
「So, what were you doing?」
「I wonder what you mean?」
「Planning to play dumb?」
「Hardly. If you tell me what you think I was doing, I'll give you an answer.」
As I answered, I thought of a way to break the current situation.
Of course, that direction only pointed one way.
「...I went to the clinic before coming here. ...I saw traces of tampering with Shion's medicine. Only one was made easy to take out.」
「...I see, and?」
I drained the cola in one gulp.
「...I haven't the slightest clue about medicine. But I understood that whatever that was, it wasn't anything good. ...You mixed in poison, didn't you?」
「...Not quite. I have no intention of killing Shion-san at the moment. ...I need her to be more useful than that.」
「You bastard... you intend to pin all the crimes on Shion!?」
「Bullseye. And of course, your death won't be my doing either; it'll be hers.」
「What?」
I shifted my grip on the bottle and struck her temple.
「Guh...!」
She collapsed onto the floor.
「For someone like you, you should have been more than capable of predicting this development, you little fool.」
I straddled her back, untied her shoelaces, and wrapped them around her neck.
「...I knew I had to dispose of you early. If I left you be, you'd have significantly derailed the plans I've laid out.」
The strength left her body, which had been clawing at the carpet.
I carried her lifeless body to the performance room.
After seating her on the piano bench, I cleaned her fingers thoroughly.
If carpet fibers or anything else got stuck under her nails, it might lead to suspicion.
Though, the person most likely to notice that would have been the owner of this very corpse.
I took out the saw, and as I bared her nape to cut the neck, I noticed one of her earrings was missing.
I was sure she had been wearing both when she came to my room.
Which meant she'd dropped it somewhere?
I glanced behind me for a second, but decided to return to my work immediately.
Right now, I needed to finish this up first.
$ I threw the severed head far out the window.
The wind and snow would cover it in an instant.
Returning to my room, I searched the floor and found the earring under the bed.
It wasn't the kind of place where it would naturally fall. And it was heavily stained with blood.
As expected, she was someone you couldn't let your guard down around, even in her final moments.
I picked up the earring, taking care not to leave fingerprints. I could have just thrown it out the window, but I decided to add a little touch.
The deserted office.
It was already nearing three o'clock.
I wiped away the blood, and threw the clean earring just outside the office's side entrance.
That should do it.
$ Now, I'll go back to my room and sleep.
