They were gone.
Souko stood firmly on the floor.
Maya, who had fallen to the floor, was no longer moving.
I wanted her to suffer more.
Just as my mother suffered?
The stepmother who tormented Snow White was forced to dance in red-hot iron shoes until she died?
When she opened her mouth, the heat of the flames felt as if it were scorching her mucous membranes.
She no longer cared about the smell of kerosene either.
Still, Souko continued to sing.
Believing it would be a requiem for her mother, and for the sister she had killed.
Snow had piled up.
A landscape of snow as far as the eye could see.
In the midst of it, white flowers were blooming in profusion.
Two girls pushed through the snow, approaching the flowers.
「Wait for me?」
「Come on, hurry up!」
「Giggle?」
A mother watching over them.
The two girls gazed with interest at the flowers blooming in the snowy field.
「Hey, Mommy.」
the pale-skinned girl turned back and called to her mother.
「Yes?」
「What's the name of this flower?」
「Why is it blooming even though it's cold?」
The two children threw questions in rapid succession.
「Oh my...」
The mother smiled and knelt beside the flower.
The two girls also gathered around.
「This flower is called a snowdrop.」
「Snow-y?」
「Yes, a snowdrop. This flower tells us that spring is almost here.」
「Spring is coming?」
「That's right. A long, long time ago, snow had no color. Even if it fell, no one could see it.」
「Really?」
「So the snow grew lonely and asked God. It said it wanted a color for itself too.」
「It wanted to be seen?」
「Yes, that's right. God told it to get a color from the other flowers.」
「Did it get one?」
「Yes. The snowdrop?this flower said, 'In that case, I will give you my color,' and shared its white color with the snow.」
「Wow... that's nice.」
「It's so kind.」
「Yes... I want you two to be like this flower and help people when they're in trouble, okay...?」
「Yeah!」
「Yeah! Hey Mommy, sing us a song!」
「Alright, of course.」
The mother slowly began to sing with a gentle voice.
A song that seeped into the heart.
$ ?Why had I forgotten?
「Why?」
Why did I only remember this now?
The world of white snow vanished, and the world of red returned.
Her voice was no longer coming out.
She had no sensation in her limbs.
Still, she stood.
Even though she was so sad, no tears came.
All the moisture in her body had evaporated.
Still?she wanted to keep singing.
The ceiling began to collapse.
With this, everything would end.
It was a shame she couldn't complete her revenge?
$ Still, she was satisfied.
Except for the one thing: deceiving her cute junior.
