Morning dawned, and everyone gathered in the chapel once more.
The atmosphere was solemn, as if nothing had happened the previous night.
＃Takamine
「...Well then, we shall continue the ceremony.」
Takamine the lawyer made the announcement.
＃Takamine
「Groom, please come forward.」
Rokuyou stood up and walked slowly toward the altar.
＃Takamine
「?Now then, let us awaken the bride.」
Takamine the lawyer placed a hand on the casket lid and slowly lifted it.
Shion lay there, just as she had the previous night.
Only Rokuyou knew that wasn't the case.
＃Rokuyou
「...Shion, wake up.」
In response to his call, she slowly opened her eyelids.
The moment her eyes recognized Rokuyou, they twisted with sorrow.
＃Rokuyou
「Come now?Shion.」
Shion timidly grasped the hand Rokuyou offered her.
As she sat up, a scattered applause was sent her way from the attendees.
＃Takamine
「?The marriage contract is hereby established.」
Takamine the lawyer declared.
Tears trickled down Shion's cheeks as she kept her head bowed.
Only one person in this room understood that these were tears of sorrow.
But it didn't matter.
The bloodline of Kousei Nanatsuki,
And the bloodline of the German composer, Riesche.
If one were to do business with the world, those two family names would be powerful weapons.
They were beyond compare to a family like the Nanatsukis, who were nothing more than local landlords.
＃Rokuyou
「Lift your head, Shion.」
He commanded her, sounding gentle on the surface?but with an absolute, undeniable force.
＃Shion
「Yes...」
All expression had vanished from her tear-stained face.
He placed a finger lightly under her chin to make her look up, then stole her lips.
＃Shion
「Mmn?」
Another tear fell, trickling down her cheek.
After showing off to that man as much as he could, he pulled her body into a tight embrace.
She should be grateful.
Not only did she not carry the Nanatsuki blood, but as a girl who carried the Riesche blood and was raised imprisoned in a black tower, he was now going to show her the world.
＃Rokuyou
「...I love you, Shion?」
He whispered into her ear.
And the words she spoke in return were?
