I returned to my room and closed the door.
＃Protagonist
「Phew...」
I flopped down onto the bed.
I'm definitely tired today.
I wonder why so many different things have to happen in a single day.
It was only this morning that Rokuyou-san was killed.
It feels like such a long time ago.
That doesn't mean the impression has faded, though; that headless body is clearly burned into my mind.
It's as if—everything started happening because I came here.
There's no way that's true, of course.
This series of disturbances... is Mr. Kousei Nanatsuki's inheritance involved after all?
If that's the case, then Benio-san and Maya-san might be targets as well.
And Shion-san too, of course.
And there's a high probability that Ai-san will be targeted again.
But... if that's the case, then who on earth is the culprit?
To prevent any further casualties, it might be best to narrow down the target to some extent...
Should I focus on staying with someone, or should I keep watch over the manor as a whole...?
Focus on being on guard with someone.
Watch over the manor as a whole.
Maybe I should take a gamble.
In that case, who should I go to...?
I'll stay with Souko-san.
She has nothing to do with the inheritance, but I can't say for certain that there's zero chance of her being targeted.
I decided to head to Souko-san's room.
The one most likely to be targeted next is Benio-san, I suppose.
I decided to head to Benio-san's room.
The one most likely to be targeted next is Shion-san, I suppose.
I decided to head to the tower where Shion-san is.
Maybe Maya-san will be targeted.
I decided to head to Maya-san's room.
There's even a chance Ai-san will be targeted again.
I decided to head to Ai-san's room.
There's a good chance Tsujimura-san will be targeted too.
I decided to head to Tsujimura-san's place.
Maybe Takamine-san will be targeted.
I decided to head to Takamine-san's room.
Maybe Dr. Mikanagi is in danger.
He has nothing to do with the inheritance, but I can't say for certain that there's zero chance of him being targeted.
I decided to go to Dr. Mikanagi's room.
Maybe Akane-san will be a victim.
She has nothing to do with the inheritance, but I can't say for certain that there's zero chance of her being targeted.
I decided to go to Akane-san's place.
Narumi-san might be a victim too.
She has nothing to do with the inheritance, but I can't say for certain that there's zero chance of her being targeted.
I decided to go to Narumi-san's place.
It won't do to stay in one place.
My opponent is a human too.
They might intentionally avoid where I am and target someone else.
I should probably patrol the manor through the night.
I decided to leave the room.
