A row of books titled "The Complete Works of H.P. Lovecraft" are lined up.
I have to wonder... who in this house is reading these?
The Complete Works of Lovecraft is here.
A row of books titled "The Encyclopedia of Occultism" are lined up.
I wonder whose books these are...
Occult books are here.
Many foreign books like "The Key of Solomon" and "Grimorium Verum" are lined up.
Wait... weren't these supposed to be grimoires or something...
Books of the type called grimoires are here.
Books compiling the folklore of the Tohoku region, including "Tono Monogatari," are here.
Nothing seems particularly unusual.
Books regarding Tohoku folklore are here.
"Die Geschichte deutscher Musik" is written on the cover.
Um... is this German? I can't really understand the content.
There are musical symbols written in it, so it's likely a book related to that field...
It appears to be a book on music written in German.
It appears to be a German-Japanese dictionary.
With this, I could probably understand the meanings of individual words, but without knowing the grammar, reading a book would be difficult.
A German-Japanese dictionary is here.
This... appears to be a travel guidebook written in German.
I'd like to visit, but that's impossible...
It appears to be a German travel guide.
Is this... a mystery novel?
The content seems to be about a detective living in a brothel who solves a series of murders in Ueno.
The title is... oops, I can't exactly get lost in a book here. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is here.
It seems this book covers German military history.
It's written about the two World Wars and the subsequent division of East and West.
It appears to be a German history book.
I flipped through a book that caught my eye.
It was a music textbook.
Scales and such... I don't really understand any of it.
It says things like "Do-Re-Mi-Fa-Sol-La-Ti-Do" is "C-D-E-F-G-A-B-C" in English, and further becomes "C-D-E-F-G-A-H-C" in German.
I don't even want to remember my music grades...
A music textbook is here.
＃Protagonist
"Hmm...?"
A scrap of paper tucked into the book caught my eye.
I wonder what it is...
"A Certain Man's Story - Chapter 1"
My name is Kousei Nanatsuki. I am but a simple composer.
I have decided to leave a record of my experiences here. They were events far too hideous to keep locked away in my own heart.
Let those who find this read with care. ~To be continued~
＃Protagonist
"...What is this?"
A scrap of paper titled "A Certain Man's Story - Chapter 1" is tucked inside.
A book titled "Deutsche Architektur" is here.
It contains photos and illustrations of Western fortifications, so it's probably some kind of commentary or reference book.
It seems to be a book related to German architecture.
This book... appears to be a story about a protagonist who is a piano player getting caught up in a strange incident.
Given the protagonist, it might not be unusual for it to be in this house.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't exactly get lost in a book here. I'll save it for another time.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
I flipped through a book that caught my eye.
It appears to be an architecture book.
It seems the notation for floors differs between the UK and the US in the English-speaking world.
The same second floor is "2F" in the US, but becomes "1F" in the UK.
That's bound to be confusing...
The word for "floor" is "Floor" in English, and is apparently "Stock" in German.
It appears to be a book on architecture.
I flipped through a book that caught my eye.
It appears to be a guidebook for maps.
It seems to say that the cardinal directions are represented as "EWSN" in English, and become "OWSN" in German.
So only East changes... well, I'm sure more than just the first letter is different.
A map guidebook is here.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
It's a story about a detective chasing a serial killer of schoolgirls.
A girl who is the spitting image of a woman in a strange painting and a younger sister who loves insects appear in it.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't exactly get lost in a book here. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is here.
