Books titled 'The Complete Works of H.P. Lovecraft' are lined up on the shelf.
I have to wonder... who in this house actually reads these...?
The complete works of Lovecraft are sitting here.
Books titled 'The Encyclopedia of Occultism' are lined up on the shelf.
I wonder whose they are...
Occult books are placed here.
Many foreign books, such as 'The Key of Solomon' and 'Grimorium Verum', are lined up here.
Aren't these... if I remember right, what people call grimoires...?
Books of the sort known as grimoires are placed here.
There are books collecting folk legends from the Tohoku region, starting with 'Tono Monogatari'.
There don't seem to be any particularly unusual books.
Books regarding the folklore of Tohoku are placed here.
'Die Geschichte deutscher Musik' is written on the cover.
Um... is this German? I can't really understand the content.
Musical symbols are written in it, so it must be related to that...
It appears to be a music book written in German.
It seems to be a German-Japanese dictionary.
With this, I might be able to understand the meaning of individual words, but without knowing the grammar and such, reading a book still looks difficult.
A German-Japanese dictionary is sitting here.
This is... it looks like a travel guidebook written in German.
I'd like to visit someday, but that's just not possible...
It looks like a German travel guide.
Is this... a mystery novel, perhaps?
It seems to be about a detective staying at a brothel who solves a series of murders in Ueno.
The title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is sitting here.
It appears this book covers German military history.
It's written about the two World Wars and the subsequent division into East and West.
It looks like a German history book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It was a music textbook.
Scales and whatnot; I don't really understand it.
It says things like 'Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti Do' is 'C D E F G A B C' in English, and further, it becomes 'C D E F G A H C' in Germany.
I don't even want to think back on my music grades...
A music textbook is sitting here.
#Protagonist
"Hm...?"
A scrap of paper tucked into the book caught my eye.
What could this be...?
'A Certain Man's Story: Chapter One'
My name is Nanatsuki Kousei. I am a mere composer.
I have decided to leave a record of a certain experience here. It was because the events were too hideous to keep locked away in my own heart alone.
Let those who find this read it with caution. ~To be continued~
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
A scrap of paper titled 'A Certain Man's Story: Chapter One' is tucked inside.
A book titled 'Deutsche Architektur' is sitting here.
It's filled with photographs and illustrations of Western castles, so it must be some kind of commentary or guide on the subject.
It seems to be a book related to German architecture.
This book... appears to be a story about a protagonist who is a piano player getting caught up in a strange incident.
Given the protagonist's profession, it might not be out of place in this house.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here. I'll save it for another time.
It looks like a mystery novel.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like an architecture book.
Apparently, the floor numbering differs between British and American English.
Even for the same second floor, the US uses '2F', while the UK uses '1F'.
That's definitely going to be confusing...
It says the word for 'floor' is 'Floor' in English, and 'Stock' in German.
It looks like a book on architecture.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like a commentary on maps.
It says things like 'North, South, East, West' are represented as 'N, S, E, W' in English, and become 'N, S, O, W' in German.
So only East changes... well, I guess everything besides the first letter changes too.
A map commentary is sitting here.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
It's a story about a detective chasing a serial killer of schoolgirls.
A girl who is a spitting image of a woman in a strange painting and a bug-loving younger sister appear in it.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is sitting here.
