Books titled "Complete Works of H.P. Lovecraft" are lined up.
I wonder who in this house reads these books...
The complete works of Lovecraft are placed here.
Books titled "Encyclopedia of Occultism" are lined up.
Whose books are these, I wonder...
Occult books are placed here.
Many foreign books, such as "The Key of Solomon" and "Grimorium Verum," are lined up.
Aren't these... those books called grimoires...?
Books of the type called grimoires are placed here.
Books compiling folk legends from the Tohoku region, starting with "Tono Monogatari," are placed here.
There don't seem to be any particularly unusual books.
Books related to Tohoku folklore are placed here.
"Die Geschichte deutscher Musik" is written on the cover.
Um... is this German? I don't really understand the content.
Musical symbols are written in it, so it must be related to that...
It seems to be a music book written in German.
It appears to be a German-Japanese dictionary.
With this, I could probably understand the meaning of words, but since I don't know the grammar and such, reading a book would be difficult.
A German-Japanese dictionary is placed here.
This is... it seems to be a travel guidebook written in German.
I'd like to visit someday, but that's impossible...
It looks like a German travel guide.
Is this... a mystery novel, maybe?
It seems to be about a detective staying at a brothel who solves a series of murders in Ueno.
The title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading in a place like this. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is placed here.
This book apparently deals with German war history.
It's about the two World Wars and the subsequent division into East and West.
It seems to be a German history book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It was a music textbook.
Scales and whatnot; I don't really get it.
It says things like "Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti-Do" is "C-D-E-F-G-A-B-C" in English, and further "C-D-E-F-G-A-H-C" in Germany.
I don't even want to remember my music grades...
A music textbook is placed here.
#Protagonist
"Hm...?"
A scrap of paper tucked into the book caught my eye.
What could it be...
"The Tale of a Certain Man - Chapter 1"
My name is Nanatsuki Kousei. I am a mere composer.
I have decided to leave a record of an experience here. It was an event too hideous to keep locked away in my own heart.
Whoever finds this, read it with caution. ~To be continued~
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
A scrap of paper titled "The Tale of a Certain Man - Chapter 1" is tucked inside.
A book titled "Deutsche Architektur" is placed here.
It depicts Western castles with photos and diagrams, so it must be some kind of commentary or reference book.
It seems to be a book related to German architecture.
This book... apparently it's a story where the protagonist, a piano player, gets caught up in strange incidents.
Given who the protagonist is, it might not be out of place in this house.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading in a place like this. I'll save it for another time.
It seems to be a mystery novel.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like an architecture book.
Apparently, the notation for floor levels differs between the UK and the US, even in English-speaking countries.
Even for the same second floor, it's "2F" in the US but "1F" in the UK.
That's bound to be confusing...
The word for "floor" is "Floor" in English and apparently "Stock" in German.
It seems to be an architectural study book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like a map commentary book.
It says things like "North, South, East, West" are "N, S, E, W" in English and become "N, S, O, W" in German.
Only "East" changes... well, I guess everything except the initial letter is different.
A map commentary book is placed here.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
It's a story about a detective chasing a serial killer of schoolgirls.
A girl who's the spitting image of a woman depicted in a strange painting and a bug-loving younger sister appear.
Um, the title is... oops, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading in a place like this. I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is placed here.