A bright fire is crackling in the fireplace.
It's likely been burning all day.
A bright fire is crackling.
There's another door in the back, separate from the one I entered through.
It likely connects to the adjacent room.
It looks like a door connecting to the next room.
It’s pure white outside the window; I can't see a thing.
I wonder when this blizzard will let up...
The blizzard outside seems to be getting stronger.
A painting is on display.
I don't know who the artist is, but it's a beautiful piece.
I’ve already checked this spot; let's look elsewhere.
It's Takamine-san's bed.
It looks like there are a few wrinkles on it.
If I'm going to take a break, I should head back to my own room.
I probably shouldn't just go around opening things without permission...
It’s better not to mess with it too much.
I probably shouldn't just go around opening things without permission...
It’s better not to mess with it too much.
This is... who is this?
It's hard to tell since it's black and white, but it looks like a foreigner.
This is probably the photo of the maid that Narumi-san mentioned.
#Protagonist
"...Whoops."
I can't do this.
I shouldn't be peeking around like this.
I placed the photo frame back where it was.
It's better not to mess with it too much.
A pretty card was wedged under a bottle of wine.
#Protagonist
"What's this...?"
The card had the letter 'i' written on it.
I'm a bit curious, so I'll hold onto it.
There's another piece of paper inside.
"Campaign in progress! Collect similar cards and solve the puzzle! This is what the answer section on the survey postcard was for!"
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
Well, I'm a little intrigued, so I'll keep this card.
There's another piece of paper inside.
"All the cards have been collected! Now for the question... if you rearrange the letters you've found, they form a certain word."
"Please provide the appropriate Japanese translation of that word for this work and send in your survey postcard!"
"Deadline is January 11, 2010, based on the postmark! 10 lucky winners will receive a small gift!"
#Protagonist
"...Phew."
I feel like I kind of get it, but also kind of don't...
There's a bottle of wine here.