The fire in the fireplace is burning brightly.
It must be a real pain to keep putting it out and relighting it...
Even with the fire lit, there's probably not much worry about it spreading.
It's a door leading to my room.
Apparently, it can only be opened with the key to my room.
Come to think of it, I didn't lock it... oh well.
It’s pure white outside the window; I can't see a thing.
I wonder when this blizzard will let up...
The blizzard outside seems to be getting stronger.
A painting is on display on the wall.
I don't know the artist, but it's a somewhat melancholy piece.
I’ve already checked this spot; let's look elsewhere.
It's Dr. Mikanagi's bed.
It looks like there are a few wrinkles on it.
If I'm going to take a break, I should head back to my own room.
When I opened the bottom drawer, I found an aged leather bag inside.
#Protagonist
"This must be it..."
When I tried to lift it, it felt quite heavy.
I don't know much about medical tools, but it seems to have things like a stethoscope inside.
I should get this to Dr. Mikanagi quickly.
A large gramophone is placed here.
I wonder if Dr. Mikanagi likes music.
A jazz record appears to be set on it.
When I saw the photograph inside the drawer, I was a bit surprised.
#Protagonist
"This is..."
A woman in a maid's uniform.
Who is she...? She looks different from Akane-san or Narumi-san.
But the clothes look the same as the ones Akane-san wears.
Perhaps she's someone who worked here before?
I'll keep that in the back of my mind.
It's a photograph of a woman in a maid's uniform.
#Protagonist
"Hm...?"
A scrap of paper fell out from inside a book.
What could this be...?
"Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 6"
I decided to give in. I felt that if I didn't eat this now, I wouldn't leave with my life.
Fine, if you're going to go that far, I'll have some. With those words, I timidly opened the container and plunged a toothpick into one of the round abnormalities.
A squelching, unpleasant sensation traveled through my fingertips. Suddenly, a thick, white liquid began to ooze from the gap between the dough and the toothpick.
H-Eeeek! Startled, I reflexively dropped it.
With a sickening thud, the object collided with the floor. ~To be continued~
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
A scrap of paper titled "Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 6" is tucked inside.
I flip through the book, but there's nothing unusual about it.
It's a perfectly ordinary novel.
Many books are lined up here.
I flip through the book, but there's nothing unusual about it.
It's a perfectly ordinary novel.
Many books are lined up here.
