There's a door that looks like a service entrance.
It looks cold outside, and I didn't feel like going out at all.
It looks like a service entrance.
Ladles and rice paddles are hanging on the wall.
Cooking utensils are suspended from the wall.
It looks like a stove for cooking rice.
Food cooked this way always tastes better than from an electric rice cooker...
It seems to be a gas-powered stove.
That's a really large kiln.
It appears to be a wood-fired oven.
I guess it's because they have to prepare so much food...
There's a table placed in the center.
They probably do the food prep here.
A large prep table is positioned in the center.
There's a faucet attached.
The plumbing area is quite clean...
Even the tap water looks like it would be cold and delicious.
When I casually opened the lid of the trash can, I found a pretty card inside.
#Protagonist
"What's this...?"
The card had the letter 'i' written on it.
I'm a bit curious, so I'll hold onto it.
There's another piece of paper inside.
"Campaign in progress! Collect similar cards and solve the puzzle! This is what the answer section on the survey postcard was for!"
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
Well, I'm a little intrigued, so I'll keep this card.
There's another piece of paper inside.
"All the cards have been collected! Now for the question... if you rearrange the letters you've found, they form a certain word."
"Please provide the appropriate Japanese translation of that word for this work and send in your survey postcard!"
"Deadline is January 11, 2010, based on the postmark! 10 lucky winners will receive a small gift!"
#Protagonist
"...Phew."
I feel like I kind of get it, but also kind of don't...
It's just an ordinary trash can.
Lots of tableware are lined up.
I'm too terrified to even get close to them.
If I broke even one, it would probably be a disaster...
It’s pure white outside the window; I can't see a thing.
I wonder when this blizzard will let up...
The blizzard outside seems to be getting stronger.