Books titled "The Complete Works of H.P. Lovecraft" are lined up.
I wonder... who in this house reads these books...?
The complete works of Lovecraft are here.
Books titled "Complete Encyclopedia of Occultism" are lined up.
I wonder whose books these are...
Occult books are here.
Many foreign books, such as "The Key of Solomon" and "Grimorium Verum," are lined up.
Wait... weren't these supposed to be books on magic or something...?
Books of the kind called grimoires are here.
Books compiling folklore from the Tohoku region, starting with "Tono Monogatari," are here.
There don't seem to be any unusual books.
Books regarding Tohoku folklore are here.
"Die Geschichte deutscher Musik" is written on the cover.
Um... is this German? I can't really understand the content.
There are musical symbols written in it, so it must be a book related to that...
It seems to be a music book written in German.
It appears to be a German-Japanese dictionary.
With this, I might be able to understand the meaning of individual words, but grammar and such are beyond me, so reading a book would be difficult.
A German-Japanese dictionary is here.
This is... it seems to be a travel guidebook for Germany written in German.
I'd like to visit someday, but it's probably impossible...
It looks like a German travel guide.
Is this... a mystery novel?
The story seems to be about a detective living in a brothel who solves a series of murders in Ueno.
The title is... wait, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here, I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is here.
It seems this book covers German war history.
It's about the two World Wars and the subsequent division into East and West.
It looks like a German history book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It was a music textbook.
Scales and such... I don't really understand it.
It says that "Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti-Do" is "C-D-E-F-G-A-B-C" in English, and further "C-D-E-F-G-A-H-C" in German.
I don't even want to remember my grades in music class...
A music textbook is here.
#Protagonist
"Hm...?"
A scrap of paper tucked into the book caught my eye.
What could this be...?
"Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 1"
My name is Nanatsuki Kousei. I am merely a composer.
I have decided to leave a record of a certain experience here. Because it was an event far too ghastly to keep bottled up in my own heart.
Whoever finds this, read it with care. ~To be continued~
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
A scrap of paper titled "Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 1" is tucked inside.
A book titled "Deutsche Architektur" is here.
Since it has photos and illustrations of Western castles, it must be some kind of reference book on the subject.
It seems to be a book related to German architecture.
This book... it seems to be a story about a protagonist who is a pianist and gets caught up in a strange incident.
Given the protagonist's profession, it might not be strange for it to be in this house.
Um, the title is... wait, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here, I'll save it for another time.
It seems to be a mystery novel.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like an architecture book.
Apparently, the way floor numbers are written differs between the UK and the US.
Even for the same second floor, it's "2F" in the US and "1F" in the UK.
That's definitely going to be confusing...
The word for "floor" is "Floor" in English and "Stock" in German.
It looks like a book on architecture.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like a reference book for maps.
It says that "East-West-South-North" is represented as "E-W-S-N" in English and becomes "O-W-S-N" in German.
Only East changes...? Well, I guess everything except the first letter changes.
A reference book for maps is here.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
It's a story about a detective chasing a serial killer of schoolgirls.
It features a girl who is a dead ringer for a woman in a strange painting, and a younger sister who loves insects.
Um, the title is... wait, I can't afford to get absorbed in reading here, I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is here.