Books titled "The Complete Works of H.P. Lovecraft" are lined up.
How should I put it... I wonder who in this house reads these...
The Lovecraft collection is placed here.
Books titled "The Encyclopedia of Occultism" are lined up.
Whose books are these...
Occult books are placed here.
Many foreign books, such as "The Key of Solomon" and "Grimorium Verum," are lined up.
Weren't these... supposed to be books called grimoires or something...
Books of the kind called grimoires are placed here.
Books compiling folk legends of the Tohoku region, starting with "The Legends of Tono," are placed here.
Nothing seems particularly out of the ordinary.
Books regarding Tohoku folklore are placed here.
"Die Geschichte deutscher Musik" is written on the cover.
Uh... is that German? I don't really understand the content.
Since musical symbols are written, it must be a book related to that...
It looks like a book about music written in German.
It appears to be a German-Japanese dictionary.
With this, I might at least understand the meaning of words, but since I don't know the grammar and such, reading the books would be difficult.
A German-Japanese dictionary is placed here.
This is... it looks like a travel guidebook for Germany written in German.
I'd like to try going there, but it's impossible, isn't it...
It looks like a German travel guide.
Is this... a mystery novel?
It seems to be about a detective living in a brothel who solves a series of murders that happened in Ueno.
The title is... oops, I can't get absorbed in reading in a place like this, I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is placed here.
It appears this book deals with German war history.
It's written about the two Great Wars and the subsequent East-West division.
It looks like a German history book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It was a music textbook.
Scales and whatever else, I don't really get it.
It's written that "Do-Re-Mi-Fa-Sol-La-Ti-Do" is "C-D-E-F-G-A-B-C" in English, and further "C-D-E-F-G-A-H-C" in German.
I don't even want to remember my music grades...
A music textbook is placed here.
#Protagonist
"Hm...?"
A scrap of paper wedged between the pages caught my eye.
I wonder what it is...
"The Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 1"
My name is Kousei Nanatsuki. I am but a composer.
I have decided to leave an account of a certain experience here. It was because it was an event too hideous to keep locked away in my own heart.
Those who find this, read with caution. ~To be continued~
#Protagonist
"...What the hell is this?"
A scrap of paper titled "The Story of a Certain Man - Chapter 1" is wedged in there.
A book titled "Deutsche Architektur" is placed here.
Since it has photos and drawings of Western castles inside, it's likely a commentary book or something of that nature.
It seems to be a book related to German architecture.
This book... appears to be a story where a protagonist who is a piano player gets caught up in a strange incident.
Given the protagonist's profession, it might not be out of place for it to be in this house.
Uh, the title is... oops, I can't get absorbed in reading in a place like this, I'll save it for another time.
It looks like a mystery novel.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like an architecture book.
Apparently, even in the English-speaking world, the notation for floors differs between Britain and America.
It seems that even for the same second floor, the US is "2F" while the UK is "1F."
That would definitely be confusing...
The word for "floor" is "floor" in English, and apparently "Stock" in German.
It looks like an architectural science book.
I flip through a book that caught my eye.
It looks like a commentary on maps.
It seems to be written that "North, South, East, West" is "N-S-E-W" in English and "N-S-O-W" in German.
So only East changes... well, I guess everything besides the first letter is different though.
A map commentary book is placed here.
It appears to be a mystery novel.
It's a story about a detective chasing a serial killer of schoolgirls.
A girl who is a dead ringer for a woman depicted in a strange painting, and a younger sister who loves insects appear in it.
Uh, the title is... oops, I can't get absorbed in reading in a place like this, I'll save it for another time.
A mystery novel is placed here.