It was past midnight.
From the window of my newly assigned room, I watched the room diagonally opposite. After confirming no one was there, I opened the window.
No matter how much it had weakened, the blizzard was cold, tormenting my body.
It was even worse because of how lightly I was dressed.
Pressing myself against the wall, I opened the window to his room.
I had confirmed beforehand that it was unlocked.
It was past midnight.
From the window of the room where I had been hiding, I watched the room diagonally opposite. After confirming no one was there, I opened the window.
No matter how much it had weakened, the blizzard was cold, tormenting my body.
It was even worse because of how lightly I was dressed.
Pressing myself against the wall, I opened the window to his room.
I had confirmed beforehand that it was unlocked.
Closing the window, I let out a breath.
I didn't have much time to waste.
First, I pressed my ear to the door leading to the hallway.
I could faintly hear two people talking.
The room next door was currently unoccupied.
Quickly, I pressed myself against the door connecting to the next room.
I knew that this one was unlocked as well.
It was because I noticed it was open that I proceeded with this plan.
I concealed myself near the door leading to the hallway, in a blind spot for when it was opened.
This time was different from the others.
My opponent was a grown man.
That was exactly why I needed to move boldly and cautiously.
The door opened, and he entered.
Almost the instant the door closed, I struck the back of his head with the handle of the saw.
「Gugh...!?」
?Too weak.
His eyes fixed on me.
「Y... You are...!?」
I covered his mouth with my hand and slit his throat with the saw.
Fresh blood sprayed out, the hot liquid defiling my body.
It was a good thing I was down to just my underwear.
I pushed his body down onto the floor just like that.
He struggled and tried to escape, but I didn't let him, sawing through his neck.
Eventually, his body stopped moving.
$ First, I carefully wiped the blood from my hands and feet.
It was a complete failure.
I didn't intend to make the scene this gruesome.
But now, the person capable of examining the bodies was gone.
The man who was connected to that woman was also gone.
?This is fine.
There was a knock on the door.
My body reacted before I could even think.
I dove into the next room and closed the door.
Fortunately, he hadn't returned to the room yet.
If he had been there?I certainly wouldn't have been able to make an excuse.
Or?maybe, just maybe, he might have agreed with what I was doing.
「...Probably not.」
If he did agree, I would have seriously misjudged him.
There would have been no point in bringing him this far.
I wanted him to take it seriously?to solve the mystery.
And if I was lucky?I wanted him to stop me.
Though it was probably too late for everything now.
I returned to my room from outside the window again.
First, I'll take a hot shower.
I have to wash off every trace of the scent of blood and play the role of the dependable senior.
I returned to my room from outside the window again.
First, I'll take a hot shower.
There are still targets left that I must deal with.
