
Shion Nanatsuki was arrested for the murder of Isamu Rokuyou, and Souko Kirihara for the murder of Ai Nanatsuki.
In both cases, Attorney Jin Takamine handled the defense.
Although they were rare murder cases, the sentences were lighter than expected, partly due to some room for circumstantial leniency.
Nevertheless, the two were imprisoned to serve their terms.
Both were model prisoners during their incarceration.
It was just when it was thought their sentences might be further reduced. A physical examination revealed that Shion Nanatsuki was pregnant—and had a brain tumor.
Regarding the pregnancy, she would not say whose child it was.
The tumor in her brain was—fortunately—benign. Considering the health of the fetus, arrangements were made for surgery to be performed after birth, and she was moved to the prison infirmary.
Summer passed, winter approached, and Shion gave birth to twins.
The surgery to remove the tumor was performed immediately afterward.
However——perhaps the surgery was too late after all.
While the removal of the tumor itself was a success, her optic nerves had been damaged, and she was never to see the faces of her children for the rest of her life.
But even so, she was happy.
When her parole was granted, she did not return to the Nanatsuki house, but began living with her children at Seiji Tsujimura's home.
It was a modest life in a small room.
In the morning, she would see off Tsujimura as he went to work.
During the day, she cared for the children with eyes that could not see.
At night, she would have dinner with the returning Tsujimura.
At first, she was bewildered by the unfamiliar lifestyle.
Even so, Shion was healed by the help of those around her and the laughter of her children.
On their days off, the four of them would go out to the fields in the suburbs.
The children would cheer at the sight of the carpet of canola flowers.
It was a mirror of Shion and Kanon as they once viewed the field of snowdrops.
Back then, their mother had watched over them alone.
Now, the two of them watched over the children together.
Even if Shion's eyes could not see, the image of her frolicking children was clearly reflected in her mind.
Shion sang a song as she listened to her children's laughter.
That singing voice was swallowed into the endless sky——
And it reached Souko Kirihara, who was looking up at that same sky.
